Q> What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do need to do it?
					When we initialize a repository, the .git hidden folder is created which turns a normal folder into a repository.

Q> How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
					Staging area is an intermediate state/platoform that gives the programmers a right to store that limited files, which he chose to alter or save in the next commit. By providing the programmer with this option, we can reduce the size of commits and make each commit logically correct.

Q> How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
					We can use the staging are to see what files have been added to this. Then we can compare these fies with the already committed one. This was we can make sure that there is only one logical change per commit. We can remove the files thta are not significant from that staging area and then commit it.

Q> What are some situations when branches would behelpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
					Branches will be helpful in the cases where we have to experiment with something new, or we are workin gon some beta verion. It is also helpful if there is a new group of people working on certain features, as it helps in securing the original master branch.

Q> How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
					Diagrams help us by providing a guided and organised structure of the branch. This way we can easily grasp the direction or flow of the commits made.
Q> What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
					By merging two branches we get to combine the changes that were made separately, without going through each and every line and checking their relevance. We represent it in the diagram that way because, it helps us in visualising and understanding the relation with other commits. It also helps us know which all commits are reachable from the current commit.
